## System Updates

Full drives system allows for files and user profiles to be stored locally.

Drives can be imported and exported through copy paste of you can import by url to load a drive from the internet.

Drives are self contained json objects that can be booted from the settings app.

### Studio Application
The studio application now runs directly through the OS instead of running partially in osl, now the whole system runs at the same level the os does

OSL debugger for studio allows you to step through osl code and look at how variables change and what happens at eac point in the program.

Icon Preview is a panel that you can show using the new preview button on the sidebar of the studio application, it updates in real time, allowing you to see the changes you are making to icn files as you type.

Icon Preview will be coming to .tsf files as well for people who like working with a turtle interface

### Settings Application
The settings app now has an accent colour selector to change the global accent colour of your system to something you like better.

Redesigned and fixed the dock segements page, making the segement capsules slimmer so you can fit more on a single page.

Settings app now has a drives page, similar to the one in the system information application where you can boot different installed drives

### Activity Application
A redesign of the activity application, brings tabs. 

The first tab is the one that most people will be familiar with, showing the time it took for each window to render.

The second is a performance graph to show how long it took for recent frames to render.

The third is a graph to show how many outgoing get commands from origin are active.
